GEL_System()
------------

Executes a DOS command.

**Syntax**

**GEL_System("**\ dosCommand\ **"** [**,** param1\ **,** param2\ **,**
.. param4] **);**

**Parameters**

dosCommand: specifies the DOS command (which may contain optional
`format specifiers <format.html>`__) that is to be executed.

param1..param4(optional) name additional parameters that are substituted
in the dosCommand when a format specifier is encountered. These
parameters allow you to pass values to the DOS command.

**Description**

The GEL_System function allows you to execute DOS commands from within
the IDE. The output of the DOS command is sent to an output window
within the IDE. The DOS command can only be one that produces a text
output and does not require additional user input once it starts
executing.

The DOS command that is executed is actually the formatted string given
by dosCommand and the additional parameters (parm1..parm4). This allows
you to pass additional parameters (including values that are defined on
the target) to the DOS command.

Format specifications always begin with a percent sign (%) and are read
left to right. When the first format specification (if any) is
encountered, the value of the first argument after format is converted
and printed in dosCommand. The second format specification causes the
second argument to be converted and printed, and so on. If there are
more arguments than there are format specifications, the extra arguments
are ignored.

The GEL_System() GEL function is implemented using proprietary
technology and can be used to extend the capabilities of the IDE. You
can use it to perform tasks (such as compiling) in the background and
pipe the results to the output window within the IDE.

**Synchronous**

Synchronous from GEL: No

Completely synchronous: No

**Example**

| GEL_System("dir");
| GEL_System("dir \*.dat")

**Which is equivalent to:**

GEL_System("dir %s", "\*.dat");

**But not** GEL_System("dir", "\*.dat");

GEL_System("myfunc %f %d %s", targVar, 3, "-ol");

If we assume that targVar is a variable defined on the target and that
its value is 3.14, then the final DOS command that is executed is:
>>myfunc 3.14 3 -ol
