GEL_SymbolLoadRel()
-------------------

Loads symbol information with relocation information.

**Syntax**

**GEL_SymbolLoadRel( "**\ fileName\ **",** code_start\ **,** data_start
[**, "**\ cpuName\ **"**\ [**, "**\ boardName\ **"**]] **);**

**Parameters**

fileNamenames the symbol file containing the symbol information. The
fileName must be enclosed in quotation marks. The symbol file can be a
standard COFF output file (\*.out) or a specific symbol file obtained
during the build process.

code_startspecifies the starting address where the code sections are to
be loaded in memory.

data_startspeicfifes the starting address where the data sections are to
be loaded in memory.

cpuName(optional) names the CPU on which to load the symbolic
information (useful in a multiprocessor environment). The cpuName must
be enclosed in quotation marks.

boardName(optional) names the board on which to load the symbolic
information. If not specified, uses the board name of the processor on
which this GEL function is executed. The boardName must be enclosed in
quotation marks.

**Description**

It is useful to load only symbol information when working in a debugging
environment where the debugger cannot or need not load the object code,
such as when the code is in ROM. This function loads the symbol
information from the specified symbol file.

The debugger first deletes any previously loaded symbols from the symbol
table maintained on the host. The symbols in the symbol file are then
loaded into the symbol table. Symbols are loaded at the code and data
addresses specified by the relocation information. This command does not
modify memory or set the program entry point.

If the file is not in the current directory, provide a full path name
within the string. A double backslash escape sequence is required to
ensure that you get a backslash into the fileName entry.

The relocation information is specified using an absolute address that
identifies where the sections are to be loaded in memory.

The cpuName and boardName must match the Processor Name and Board Name
as configured in the multiprocessor setup. In a single processor system,
you do not need to fill these fields.

**Synchronous**

Synchronous from GEL: No

Completely synchronous: No

**Example**

GEL_SymbolLoadRel("c:\\mydir\\myfile.out", 16, 64, "cpu_a",
"Simulator");

**Related Topics**

`GEL_Load() <GEL_Load.html>`__

`GEL_SymbolAdd() <GEL_SymbolAdd.html>`__

`GEL_SymbolAddRel() <GEL_SymbolAddRel.html>`__

`GEL_SymbolLoad() <GEL_SymbolLoad.html>`__

`GEL_SymbolLoadRel() <#1qixm.1>`__

`GEL_SymbolAddRel() <GEL_SymbolAddRel.html>`__

`GEL_SymbolRemove() <GEL_SymbolRemove.html>`__

`GEL_SymbolShowSection() <GEL_SymbolShowSection.html>`__

`GEL_UnloadAllSymbols() <GEL_UnloadAllSymbols.html>`__
