GEL_PortConnect()
-----------------

For simulator only, connects a data file to a memory (port) address.

**Syntax**

**GEL_PortConnect(**\ portAddress\ **,** page\ **,** length\ **,**
accessType\ **, "**\ fileName\ **" );**

**Parameters**

portAddressstarting address of a range in memory. This Parameters can be
an absolute address, any C expression, the name of a C function, or an
assembly language label. If you want to specify a hex address, be sure
to prefix the address number with 0x; otherwise, Code Composer Studio
treats the number as a decimal address.

pageidentifies the type of memory: 0 (Program memory), 1 (Data memory)
or 2 (I/O space)

For processors that do not have more than one type of memory, use 0 for
this Parameters.

lengthdefines the length of the range. This Parameters can be any C
expression.

accessTypespecifies the type of access allowed. The access type can be
any combination of the following values:

+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| **Access Type**                   | **Value**                         |
|                                   |                                   |
| #define GTI_ATTR_PORT_READ        | 0x01                              |
|                                   |                                   |
| #define GTI_ATTR_PORT_WRITE       | 0x02                              |
|                                   |                                   |
| #define GTI_ATTR_PORT_NOREWIND    | 0x04                              |
|                                   |                                   |
| #define GTI_ATTR_PORT_UPDATE      | 0x08                              |
|                                   |                                   |
| #define GTI_ATTR_PORT_EXTERN      | 0x10                              |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

fileNamenames the data file. The fileName must be enclosed in quotation
marks.

**Description**

The simulator allows you to access a data file through a memory address.
This function connects a data file to a memory (port) address. You can
then read data from the file or write data to the file.

If the file is not in the current directory, provide a full path name
within the string. A double backslash escape sequence is required to
ensure that you get a backslash into the fileName Parameters.

**Synchronous**

Synchronous from GEL: Yes

Completely synchronous: Yes

**Example**

GEL_PortConnect( 0x1000, 0, 0x100, , "c:\\mydir\\myfile.dat");

**Related Topics**

`GEL_PortDisconnect() <GEL_PinDisconnect.html>`__

Connecting a File to a Memory Address
